Audio Options - add "Play music during gameplay" checkbox and "Open Jukebox..." button (#3803)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

- Feature: [#3569] Add a "home" button to the browse prompt window.
- Feature: [#3768] Add tab to town window to show delivered cargo last month.
- Change: [#3740] Options that interfere with tutorial operation are temporarily disabled options during playback.

> - Change: [#3777] Added a toggle for game background music in the audio options, and moved the title screen music toggle to a new "Music" group with it.

Reviewer: This is fine, but a bit long. Perhaps:
```suggestion
- Change: [#3777] Jukebox music can now be toggled in the options window, grouped together with the title screen music toggle.
```
